Ha, this is the pastry that Dad made for you and Xuan Xuan
Take it back for Xuan Xuan to eat, thank you
What's wrong with you?
The bastard who killed my parents 22 years ago
It's your dad.
Pop member, what are you talking about?
It must be a misunderstanding.
Come on, you must be mistaken
20 years ago, my father was not in Yuanqiao Town at all
He lied to you 22 years ago
He doesn't have any heavy soldiers at all
Instead, he left his wife and daughter for a rich girl
Your mother hanged herself because of this
Hanged himself
Yanyan, you have to trust your father
Dad couldn't have done such a thing
If dad could do such a thing
I have lived in vain
I, hahahaha Xiong Mingxue, I warn you.
Unless you have hard evidence
Otherwise I don't allow you to talk nonsense
Meteor Shower
Jin Yan's father is fine
Dad is worried about you
I'm afraid you'll be bullied at home, hurry up
Yeah, go